Grothendieck groups of commutative monoids (#1479)
UniMath/SymmetryBookFormalization: src/group-theory/cartesian-products-abelian-groups.lagda.md

## Idea

The
{{#concept "cartesian product" disambiguation="of abelian groups" Agda=product-Ab WDID=Q173740 WD="Cartesian product"}}

> of two [abelian groups](group-theory.abelian-groups.md) `A` and `B` is an
> abelian group structure on the
> [cartesian product](foundation.cartesian-product-types.md) of the underlying
> [sets](foundation.sets.md).

Reviewer: ````suggestion
of two [abelian groups](group-theory.abelian-groups.md) `A` and `B` is the
abelian group structure on the
[cartesian product](foundation.cartesian-product-types.md) of the underlying
[sets](foundation.sets.md) given by
```text
  (a , b) * (a' , b') := (a * a' , b * b').
```
````
